===== 18 July 2019 video conference =====
participants: Roy, Kora, Chad, Leo

  * ELT Operations Concept Description discussion yesterday in the ELT engineering call
    * draft document has been distributed to a small circle
    * document release imminent
    * document appears to be very high level
    * Operations of ELT will be significantly different from VLT operations
    * Workshop (in Garching) planned to discuss updates to the document
  * Discussion about radiometer document
    * comments on work plan / outline in LaTeX (Overleaf) document
    * First version probably does not need to include a detailed analysis, but statement of what we know + what we (would) have to do to achieve certain numbers
  * Action items
    * Leo: Write to Alain about publishing UVES result
    * Leo: Write to Wolfgang and ask about PWV profile modeling (can one do this with skycalc?)
    * Roy: talk to Klaus Pontoppidan about doing telluric correction with VISIR high resolution
    * Roy: formalise the meeting minutes (Google doc / METIS template / meeting minute number)
  * Discussion about open operations RIXes
  * Next meeting: Mon, 9 Sep, 1 pm